So, Chris, what are we looking in here in this demo for real-time?
So, actually, this is a demo that is basically showing the impact of load on the machine
So we see we are actually spinning irregularly right now
and it is happening because this is not a real-time demo at this point
The real-time features are not being used and the system is getting a lot of load
And that basically gets us unpredictable execution time for the thread that controls the motor
We are now using the real-time features, and we see the wheel spinning very regularly
because we are getting a predictable execution of the process that controls the servo
Very controlled time slices
So this is a feature (TSN and TCC) that we are enabling on the latest generation of our CPUS
We are collaborating with Canonical to bring TSN/TCC onto the real-time Ubuntu offering